Adds react native sign out guide (#1936)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-users-out/sign-out-of-your-app/react-native/localsignout.md

Clear the user's tokens by calling:

```javascript
import { clearTokens } from '@okta/okta-react-native';

clearTokens()
    .then(() => { })
    .catch(e => { });
```

#### Revoke tokens (optional)

> Calling `clearTokens()` discards tokens from local device storage, but they are technically still active until they expire. An optional step is to revoke the tokens so they can't be used, even by accident. You can revoke tokens using following requests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calling `clearTokens()` discards tokens from the local device storage, but they are technically still active until they expire. An optional step is to revoke the tokens so they can't be used, even by accident. You can revoke tokens using the following request:
```

```javascript
await revokeAccessToken();
```

> Revoke the access token to make it inactive. Resolves true if access token has been successfully revoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This revokes the access token to make it inactive. Resolves `true` if access token has been successfully revoked.
```

```javascript
await revokeIdToken();
```

> Revoke the identity token to make it inactive. Resolves true if id token has been successfully revoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This revoke the ID token to make it inactive. Resolves `true` if ID token has been successfully revoked.
```

```javascript
await revokeRefreshToken();
```

> Revoke the refresh token to make it inactive. Resolves true if refresh token has been successfully revoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This revokes the refresh token to make it inactive. Resolves `true` if refresh token has been successfully revoked.
```
